alright hello everybody welcome to the J
s core dev team weekly think 22nd of
October 2018 the note taker is Jacob
Thank You Jacob
[Music]
how we doing everyone okay enthusiastic
as always I love it
cool
right what do we do normally okay we've
got a note-taker attendees pick your
name only attendees list if you're here
if you've got a weekly update then put
it in the notes I've put the notes in
the in the chat panel cool let's go I've
got an update last week was the go ipfs
team were in town so I spent a little
bit time with them and also we managed
to organize the first ipfs London meet
up in two years I think I was one like
previously two years ago but it clearly
didn't come to anything so we started up
again a kick started by the go team who
get some really good talks and insights
and it was just awesome and everybody at
the end of it was like when it's the
next one and at the time I was like I
don't know I literally just stop just
finish this one so so that's really
encouraging very very happy with that
but what else happened this week and so
I spend a lot of time reviewing Vasco's
IP NS pub/sub PRS there's like some of
them quite big and here yeah they're
they're all reviewed I think they need
some work and then I need to review but
that that was a big hurdle to get over
what else happened
oh so in last week I released ipfs API
is version 25 with a fix to for allowing
chrome to upload files that were bigger
than 150 megabytes so that's cool and
then almost immediately after I did that
Olly
told me that it didn't work with Jase
ipfs and we didn't spot it immediately
because it was only about you only seem
to apparent when you were running ipfs
api and talking to a
ipfs demon so this was there's this
weird weird thing there but it meant
that we couldn't upload big files to to
a JFS demon and it was because happy
actually has a max bytes setting on its
roots which is set by default to two
megabytes and weirdly in node this
doesn't like this this we don't see this
happen like it doesn't it doesn't say
that the payloads too too big but in the
browser it does and I couldn't figure
out exactly why my best guess is that we
know in the browns of the stream HTTP
actually buffers off everything before
it sends it in one chunk and I'm
wondering if there's some sort of thing
in nodejs which chunks up your your
input and sends it sends it in chunks
that are probably smaller than one Meg
and maybe that max bytes option is not
max bytes for the entire payload but per
chunk from a stream so I'm not entirely
sure but anyway I tracked it down
figured it out and there's a pull
request I'm just waiting for ci to pass
but to get husband down today so I
haven't made much progress with getting
it to rerun on fields and stuff like
that and then so what else haven't M j
SI p FS is 0 33 is coming out soon with
a new web UI are really sort of the
least candidate so people can try it out
before they buy and it seems to work
pretty well there is a like there's a
couple of things that just need to go in
into the release and including a well
hopefully we can solve the issue where
the web UI by default doesn't point to a
j-type EFS the JFS api port so we'll see
if we
fix that before the actual release I'm
currently not blocked on anything I will
hopefully release Jes IVFs 0:33 this
week and wait hang on I've had someone
Victor's changed something in my notes
so basically because of like the Meetup
because of releasing Jes IVFs they were
fairly free I didn't get a lot of time
to work on cid base again I'm hoping
that I might get time to work on it this
week cool
that's me does anyone have any quick
questions I just have excitement for all
the updates I'll take that cool who's
who's next who's next on the list okay
so wait and so ask from Victor I guess
that's just a note from me I will check
that out later good okay so Jacob would
you like to share with us your update
beans yeah last week was primarily
prepping for the lip PDP oh 24 release I
have a released candidate out there now
that I'll be using to test the ipfs cuz
the test Suites for that to make sure we
don't have any regression issues that
includes delegate routing state machine
and enabling relay by defaults and then
Lapidus which has already been released
about 41 that has full switch support in
it and then last week started looking at
the interplanetary test lab all of the
issues that have been around for the
past year or so so getting up to speed
on that as part of the test bed stuff
that we'll be doing for loopy TP this
year or this quarter rather so I'll be
getting working on a test bed proposal
this week based on all the the prior art
that has already been done and then
continue working with the go team on
that and then work on the Lippe to be
demon start that process
for the Interop and testbed work to get
those and then there is a PR out I
pinged Pedro again for for pure ID for
support for different key types so then
I have a PR that I can post once that's
all done for ipfs to actually add it to
the docks in case anybody wants to run
ipfs with different keys any questions
really quick question the p2p switch is
that in yippee to be 0 24 yes it will
come out with that as well
good that won't because that's a minor
version so that we're not gonna pick
that up automatically in the current
version of yes I think that's right
so I'll do a I'm testing right now
against that and then once that goes I
imagine we'll probably do that in a
either a hotfix
or minor version released for Jas I
think if s I feel like more people are
picking up on liquids appear like the
projects like stop getting it these are
the tension and so other projects are
jumping trying it out running our
examples and people do I come to Jessica
to appear as a source or like way to
understand how we p2p works because I
wrote it orioles are pretty good
actually
and so if we are not happy with API at
all and I say this because I now see
like new dial methods appearing for the
same stuff and so on and so it would be
great to like you just get everyone to
think very carefully about like that top
level API I know that Allen has been
doing the top level API for Jessup EFS
and so taking some ideas like you did an
amazing presentation both at swap week
and also at the meetup which actually by
the way the presentation at our lives
got Jesus
super-excited to them to gossip serve on
Jess so wash : jelly like checking away
visa and getting mean you're gonna need
more excited so that it chips that like
they and so yeah being very careful
about that I think now it's the well but
yeah like I know just like that in mind
it's all I guess really yeah I think
going through some of the Damon stuff
and then the testbed stuff will help
like uncover things of oh this would be
way easier if we just did it this way
and maybe that's something I can also
talk with Alan about for that
integration piece with JSF EFS the see
will make it could make that easier I
know we've talked a little bit about
future stuff like generators and things
like that but just general API the
bureau and specifically is really they
ease to plug in your modules one of the
things and this is you know like very
raw like it is something very obvious
but still very raw in terms of like the
commutation and breath like it's still
something I am like reading a lot of
notes down but but it is about running
contests for multiple of our modules and
these will go from things like pitch
swap but I getting a big hop contest
going on and where people can not just
swap swap it swap and try different
strategies the key modules pubs etc and
so always having like a very clear way
and I think the peer-to-peer is a little
bit better than just because right now
in the sense because it's very easy to
like getting a good HD but right now for
example it's not easy to plug a
different pops up like the pops up is
very like attached to plots up so yeah
in mind because it might be a big thing
of 2018 to add this multiple moments
where we invite the whole community to
like develop like and buy these modules
like think about like dependency
injection a little bit because like we
want to be able to say hey a subset
module gets access to you like the
connected connection manager
Gok gets access to like the dialing
sonically sitting like a knowing
protocols get it gets access to anything
that tracks reputation all the
connections
and Ike weed those inputs now as to
figure out a strategy to like develop
minimum spanning tree it's something
like that so we invite like the whole
research community to hack with us and
to really compare it with peer to peer
in outside PFS into this platform for
innovation like we want to see like the
next bleeding edge way to do the HTS and
pubs and boutique a stand and beat swap
or pocket change to be on top of IP
offense and we could appear so yeah
another thing to have in mind expect
monotonic singing
cool okay shall we move on
who is next who's next - Cole could we
have your update T yeah hello so I came
from only in the middle of last week and
I started while I went through all of
these reviews for all the parents right
- over so I think I fixed always
fail so Alan when you have time to go
again - it'd be my guess then Allah
knows also found a bug in status or
pub/sub which I already fixed I also
finished the spectral puzzle for a
pianist was in the previous week as I
didn't came to the single then I went to
the DHT table as well
there was a problem with only 50 records
interoperability
finally I had the P art for its March
and released and then I created the arts
for all other modules that were using
Liberty record then I also created the
PR for fixing age that's only reported
about the local option being a global
option not yes ffs and in the meantime I
also
reviewed several Jacob be ours for the
liquids beer last latest release blocked
I'm just locked in an issue for
interfaces at the store which is
blocking another PR for Jessica fest we
are was already reviewed by several
people's but it needs to be released I
think when we defeat in the free door
left permission so the really fifth time
just shake it out and for this week I
want to finish the Ibanez over purpose
of interrupt and get the HD ready for
being enabled by default in jessup
infests and with the interrupts tests as
well any questions from sorry so I
didn't really get what are the thing
that you are waiting on me it's it's a
PR for an interface that to store it so
it was already reviewed by Jake event on
I think it needs merchants really wait
when you say like nobody fault you have
any recent good results on the intro
part yes with the lip your sphere record
being fixed now I tried it before and it
seemed good but now after the releases I
went to check it again and also try to
make some stress tests as you recommend
it before that's great news awesome cool
Thank You Vaska Hugo can we have your
update please
you're muted and not talking the
microphone is appeared for you haha I
think it works
I will share my screen I find I should
leave last week so I finished the
pipeline right now I was wasn't able to
everything perfect problems but the only
thing missing missing is the test
running just because they are committed
to be so the pipelines run faster so
just to give you a quick rundown through
this on every look at this one it's a
simple commits forget all the stuff the
shakes deletes the best will come after
this one and then we'll get really
released job this C is a use case I can
only see the relevant so saying this is
the pipeline so check it out
in this view tests would come here in
the middle they are perfectly working
just commented you get the pre-release
this is a use case that talks with Ellen
to get like RC versions published
everything gets published to the next
time
like continuous deployment right and
then whenever you want to just manually
run the relief job to like promote this
privilege to a call it an another use
case we run interrupt interrupt test on
schedule raisins it's not the scheduling
part is not active but that's just a
simple configuration the important part
here is the multi project relationship
I'm going to show you so basically this
job activates another job on the
interrupt people and as you can see this
is made to fail on purpose just so you
can see how this all works and through
this you can set up lots of stuff
similar run other types of tests and so
related to this I think is enough for
today
we still having conversations with in
ftima guarding circle CI and Whitlock
CI and all that stuff hopefully I will
to talk today on time zone another stuff
it's also came from lab week this is
like greenkeeper but we'd like a filter
to only our packages so the renovate is
basically green paper but it has the
configuration we need so if we can say
okay naval through and then we give it
whatever you want this works with
shareable configs like a slings so we
can have one in Asia for all our rifles
or we can have a triple with each on
configuration and we get nice for
requests with the changes this one it's
not the the normal dependency of place
poly classes is on board
booty quest related to renovate I was I
wasn't too happy with this whole
configuring but like me so to be we cow
pursue also did want a couple requests
to improve the speed of CTL this
hopefully will improve all the testing
all the ripples one of them was swapping
sub-command ensue exactly you can see
some of the benchmarks here it's
improved a little bit not that much but
it will open doors swallow improvements
and another one this is kind of bigger
is to be able to like run in it because
when you start with TTL you've kind of
run for comment and like tomatoes on for
shell process
with these public baths you want me to
spawn too because you when we need to
Europe us the whole configuration you
need we don't need to like ranking it
run so coffee place confit and then just
do anything demon so you can see the
numbers are looking good
the and also I'll part with the Jessica
if SEO grading - that's for two and
release it so I think that looks really
cool really promising I'm glad that
infra are informed about this and they
know what's going on so that's good I
would still like to see Jess IVFs a fork
of that running and try it out before we
do this which I want to make sure that
this this experience is going to be
better than what we have at the moment
and but like it looks it looks amazing
I'm super excited for it yeah any any
other questions yes
of why why this pipeline is implemented
on on github rather than Jenkins this
was a conversation we had van Marwijk
and this is just proof of concepts like
the interesting is kind of looking to
circle CI and other options to improve
old old pipeline and CI situation and
then I went with Michael and we started
testing with it club CI and I said I
just did a simple setup for the or
pipeline this would be useful for our
use cases not like permanent or anything
just like a proof-of-concept so painful
team can really late if this is any has
any value or not okay and where it where
is this discussion happening so I can so
I can jump in because I think so cuz he
is still suffers from the same problems
that was the reason why we moved away
from it in the in the FIR in the first
place
yeah I also I also be that's why I used
it lab see instead of circle but right
now at least last week they spent a lot
of time on circle see I I still don't
know why because I still in at the
opportunity like to call or something
with them because I think they all long
like oh we're at a time zone so it's
like 10 a.m. for Mike or something like
that but it's all it's all been like
slag and I'm not on a nation we should
probably start one when when these
precious comes to become more stable or
whatever what you think I discuss with
down in just what it's like to make a
little video explain all this and
probably on that issue that video will
talk about everything and get figured
for any anyone access validated this is
I have a second question as well the
blocked it's a couple ager peers or you
blocked by those peers or or the PRS
blocked themselves
I'm specially for the window science
right
at least on one PR dissipation stuff is
also blocked by it's not nothing really
majors but it's really important one for
the experimental also so just couple
peers
we do you mind like turning off screen
trader yeah I think this is pretty cool
I knew a little neighbor I'm really
happy seeing that there's progress and
then there is like a prototype like
there's actually research I would love
to same time there's a PR or an issue on
infrastructure repo I'll actually like
to see a PR to the guidelines because
it's changes a lot in terms like I will
review PR that we like new releases
where we check for stuff like a lot of
the burden can be removed from the
developer to see I which is what see I
supposed to do the whole I chain I'm
like running interrupt tests from like
one of them dependencies Abed is really
great so if you will open a PR because
really guidelines so that we see so we
have an opportunity to see all these
removing burden from the developer or
adding other tasks that we are not
seeing yet like who is going to maintain
how this is it infrastructure is it as
etc easy the limitation of the module
for example and so if you could like go
through that document for requests to
the places where you need to like who
need to change I think we will reveal a
lot of like what it means to everything
one here and I can be one that is going
to be a contributor to the project in
the future of course in fact that I'm
just kind of waiting for the talk I had
scheduled with Michael and
every night to talk about
Circle C I and we 5 CI enough today to
make our show describing anything in the
video so you can better understand how
all this works awesome
cool okay
we are rapidly running out of time who's
next on the list do we have anyone else
called Volker would you like to go
you are music yeah it didn't work okay
all right so like that is pretty quick
and I did some breaking changes on IPL
d1 merge for in review and this those
will help to make the API better but
also make help with who goes world on
the mono science then I finally recorded
my phosphor G talk after all those weeks
it's published on YouTube check it out
if you care about data and then yeah I
look into like have Viktor Bout and
putting into CI issues and next is for
me working on the graph same stuff
basically writing down the spec that
Michael and I have in mind which is
different from the other graph upcoming
graphs expect but real yeah I will put
it down so we have a thing to discuss
about um yeah that's all I have
I was I'm sorry I should stop typing
when does anyone have any questions
Avoca I was just typing in a video of
one presenting like some selector stuff
and graphing stuff which I haven't quite
finished watching yet that you should
check it out
yeah which is basically yeah different
format so I watch it it is different
from what invitin I propose okay cool
well do we have any other any other
items does anyone have any general
questions or problems or want to say
anything cool if we if we're all done
here then we're all done
Oh David one more thing which okay if
you just said that I'm sorry because I
was just like trying to do like a peer
review from last week I just this 30
minutes you can watch a 15 if you do 2x
speed ingressing and what it means for
the notes it is one of their show me
what you got
sessions the show how interested I think
you device is very hard my head keeps
spinning between my oh my my my
apologies okay cool we are over time now
and it's been rad to talk to you I will
see you next week I'm sure for a another
exciting session of a ipfs cortez talk
to each other and tell each other what
we're doing last week and this week and
next week
in the meantime have fun IPF essing
everyone bye